.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH mate-font-viewer 1 "2014\-05\-02" "MATE"
.SH "NAME"
\fBmate-font-viewer\fR \- preview fonts
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B mate-font-viewer
.RI [ OPTIONS... ]\ <filename>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This executable is part of the package 'mate\-control\-center': The MATE Control Center.
.PP
Use \fBmate\-font\-viewer\fR
, the MATE Font Viewer, to preview fonts and display information about a
specified font. You can use the Font Viewer to display the name, style, type, size, ver-
sion, and copyright of the font.
.PP
To browse the fonts installed on your system, open a file manager window and enter the
following URI in the location bar:
.PP
    \fIfonts://\fR
.PP
Double-click on an icon to display a preview of the font.
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was writtenby Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH OPTIONS
This program accepts the standard MATE and GTK options.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Latest version of the MATE Desktop User Guide for your platform.
.PP
.BR "mate-control-center" (1),
.BR "caja" (1),
.BR "gtk-options" (7)
