.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH mate-thumbnail-font 1 "2014\-05\-02" "MATE"
.SH NAME
mate-thumbnail-font \- create font thumbnails
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mate-thumbnail-font
[\fI\-h\fR|\fI\-t <TEXT> \-s <SIZE>\fR] \fI<FONT_FILE> <OUTPUT_FILE>\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This executable is part of the package 'mate\-control\-center': The MATE Control Center.
.PP
\fBmate-thumbnail-font\fR is a command\-line tool for creating thumbnails of PCF fonts.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR
Show some help text.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR \fI<TEXT>\fR, \fB\-\-text\fR \fI<TEXT>\fR
Text to thumbnail (default: Aa).
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fI<SIZE>\fR, \fB\-\-size\fR \fI<SIZE>\fR
Font size (default: 64).
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was writtenby Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH SEE ALSO
Latest version of the MATE Desktop User Guide for your platform.
.PP
.BR "mate-control-center" (1),
.BR "mate-font-viewer" (1)
