.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH mate-control-center 1 "2014\-05\-02" "MATE"

.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Define some portability stuff
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.\" http://bugs.debian.org/734663
.\" http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/groff/2009-02/msg00013.html
.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * set default formatting
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "NAME"
mate-control-center \- Configure MATE settings
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B mate-control-center
.RI [ OPTION... ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBmate\-control\-center\fR
is a graphical user interface to configure various aspects of MATE.
.PP
When run without arguments, the shell displays the
control center overview, which shows all available configuration panels\&. The overview allows one to open individual panels by clicking on them\&. It also has a search entry to find panels by searching keywords\&.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-?\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the application's help options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-help-gtk\fR
Print GTK help options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-help-all\fR
Print application and GTK help options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-hide\fR
Hide on start (useful for preloading the shell).
.TP
\fB\-\-display=DISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.PP
This program additionally accepts the standard MATE and GTK options (as listed with \fI\-\-help\-gtk\fR).
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.PP
On success 0 is returned, a non\-zero failure code otherwise\&.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.PP
This manual page has been adopted for MATE Desktop Environment by Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis@gnugr.org>\&.
